---
title: "Postdoctoral Research Fellows at Emory University"
date: 2017-10-6T14:47:32-04:00
contact: "postdoc@mathcs.emory.edu"
blurb: "Emory University seeks to fill multiple postdoctoral positions in Computer Science, Scientific Computing, and Data Science. We seek junior researchers and scholars to join vibrant research groups of faculty and students conducting pioneering scholarship in various areas including scientific computing..."
draft: false
---

Emory University seeks to fill multiple postdoctoral positions in Computer Science, Scientific Computing, and Data Science. We seek junior researchers and scholars to join vibrant research groups of faculty and students conducting pioneering scholarship in various areas.

Applications for Postdoctoral Research positions are invited from candidates with outstanding research records (or promise) in appropriate fields. Applicants should have (or soon receive) a PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Math, Statistics, or a related discipline relevant to projects or areas listed below. Opportunities for teaching may be available, but these are primarily research positions. Specific priority areas for current searches are:

**Scientific Computing**: Numerical linear algebra, partial differential equations, optimization, inverse problems, and applications to radiology, cardiology, geophysics and data science. 

**Data Security and Privacy**: Methods for privacy-preserving computation and analytics in health and spatiotemporal domains. Strong math, computer science, and statistics skills desired.

**Natural Language Processing and Intelligent Information Access**: Natural language parsing, understanding, and generation; conversational search, intelligent assistants, and question answering.

**Data Analytics**: Mining heterogeneous data sources and high-dimensional analytics for health, spatiotemporal, and financial econometrics. Strong computer science/statistics skills desired. 

**Computational Neuroscience**: Frameworks for biologically plausible network simulation to explore the role of feedback in neural fault tolerance and network structure.

**Machine Learning**: Architectures and efficient learning algorithms for deep neural networks, scalable algorithms. Strong math, computer science, and statistics skills desired.

**Storage and Caching Systems**: Multilevel storage tracing frameworks, very large scale caching, exabyte-scale storage, access, and transmission methods.

**Distributed Systems**: Fault-tolerance, program analysis, adaptive runtime systems, and energy-efficient computing.  Systems programming and quantitative analysis skills desired.

Applications specifying one or more of the above areas and comprising a CV and research statement should be sent via email to postdoc@mathcs.emory.edu. Informal inquiries are also invited by email. Screening starts immediately and will continue until positions are filled. Faculty, research groups, and ongoing projects are at http://www.mathcs.emory.edu/