---
title: "Graduate Fellowships"
date: 2018-07-07T14:47:32-04:00
expirydate: 2018-11-30T14:47:32-04:00
deadline: "Applications are reviewed immediately until positions are filled."
blurb: "Several PhD positions in scientific computing are available immediately in the Department of Mathematics at Emory University...."
draft: false
---

Several PhD positions in scientific computing are available in the  Department of Mathematics at Emory University. Numerical Analysis and Scientific Computing are among the department's key focus areas. Our graduate program focuses on numerical linear algebra, partial differential equations, optimization, inverse problems and offers excellent research opportunities in these areas and opportunities for interdisciplinary collaborations with leading experts from a variety of disciplines including cardiology, radiology, biostatistics, biomedical engineering, geophysics, and machine learning.

For PhD students in Mathematics, a number of five-year scholarships are available. International students are encouraged to apply, and successful candidates will receive visa sponsorship. Incoming students are required to have a BSc degree in mathematics, computer science, or a related field. Applicants with MSc degrees are welcome to apply for admission as 'advanced standing.'

Interested candidates should contact compmathphd@emory.edu 
All applicants must submit an application package consisting of:

1. curriculum vitae and transcripts
1. statement of purpose
1. a minimum of two letters of reference

Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the positions are filled. Anticipated start date is September 1, but other options, such as January 1, are possible.
