---
title: "Tenure-Track Faculty Position, Computational Mathematics"
date: 2017-09-23T14:47:32-04:00
expirydate: 2018-01-31T14:47:32-04:00
contact: "compmathsearch2017@mathcs.emory.edu"
weight:1
deadline: "Screening starts December 1,
2017, and will continue until the position is filled."
blurb: "Emory University's Mathematics & Computer Science Department invites
applications for a tenure-track faculty position in Computational
Mathematics, to begin in Fall 2018. Appointments are expected to be at
the Assistant Professor level, but truly exceptional candidates may be
considered for senior appointments. Applicants must demonstrate
outstanding research ability and have a PhD in Mathematics, Computer
Science, or a closely related field. Applicants should also have
strong records, or promise, as undergraduate and graduate
teachers. Ideal candidates will have interdisciplinary interests that
complement and enhance Emory's current and vibrant research strengths
in numerical linear algebra, networks, inverse problems, numerical
optimization, numerical partial differential equations, and
computational fluid dynamics..."
draft: false
---

Emory University's Mathematics & Computer Science Department invites
applications for a tenure-track faculty position in Computational
Mathematics, to begin in Fall 2018. Appointments are expected to be at
the Assistant Professor level, but truly exceptional candidates may be
considered for senior appointments. Applicants must demonstrate
outstanding research ability and have a PhD in Mathematics, Computer
Science, or a closely related field. Applicants should also have
strong records, or promise, as undergraduate and graduate
teachers. Ideal candidates will have interdisciplinary interests that
complement and enhance Emory's current and vibrant research strengths
in numerical linear algebra, networks, inverse problems, numerical
optimization, numerical partial differential equations, and
computational fluid dynamics. For more details on Emory's [faculty,
graduate students, postdocs](../people), [research](../research) and [teaching](../teaching) activities in
[Computational Mathematics](../).

Applications consisting of a cover letter, CV, research and teaching
statements, and three letters of recommendation directly from
recommenders can be submitted via [Interfolio](https://apply.interfolio.com/45261)
Informal inquiries about the position are also invited by email to
compmathsearch2017@mathcs.emory.edu. Screening starts December 1,
2017, and will continue until the position is filled. For additional
information about the department, please see [http://www.mathcs.emory.edu](http://www.mathcs.emory.edu)

Emory University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action/
Disability/Veteran employer. Women, minorities, persons with
disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Emory University
is committed to student and faculty diversity, equity, and
inclusion. In your cover letter or in a separate statement, please
reflect upon your experience and vision regarding the teaching and
mentorship of students from diverse backgrounds.